The empress dowager clearly saw that it was the concubine's father who said it himself
This Shen Xingyao is a monster
Except for her, we can solve the world's drought
The night Shen entered the palace
The emperor died
It's really a mismatch.
It is this Shen Xingyao who is a scourge
Except for her
What's going on?
Do you want to sacrifice me to heaven due to the severe drought in the world?
I'm not Xiao Jingteng
The Empress Dowager's concubine is an ordinary person
In case the death of a concubine does not solve the world's drought
Wouldn't that make the world laugh at the stupidity of the royal family?
presumptuous
Empress Dowager and King Qi ask to see
strange
The female relatives of King Qi's harem should not see foreign men
Take them in for a break
Yes
Genius
Pure nonsense
The emperor is very attentive to Shen shi
Why does King Qi also value Shen shi so much?
Could it be that King Qi has bad thoughts about her?
I don't dare to, I just think that the drought should not be blamed on a woman
Does King Qi have a good strategy for governing?
Sharing the emperor's worries is a matter for ministers
I wish to issue a military order
If the drought cannot be solved
I am willing to hand over the talisman
Hahaha, King Qi is really sincere towards Shen shi.
Since King Qi is willing to show this limelight
Then I agree.
Within three days
If you can't solve the drought
I will remove you from the position of vassal
Drought control within three days
How could I not let King Qi be punished for me?
that
The emperor is willing to listen to the concubine